♪ Thrilling cinematic music ♪
[REVVED ENGINE PASSING]
[REVVING]
[TIRES SQUEALING]
♪
[REVVING AND SCREECHING]
[EXPLOSIONS]
The titanium iPhone 15 Pro,
built with
an aerospace-grade material,
a new level
of mobile gaming power,
and a camera that can literally
shoot a blockbuster film.
- Wait, what?
A titanium gaming powerhouse
movie camera phone?
Is that even a thing?
- Yes, it is definitely a thing.
Titanium, the same material
used in spacecraft design,
makes iPhone 15 Pro
and iPhone 15 Pro Max
our lightest Pro models ever.
Titanium's unique properties
give it one of the highest
strength-to-weight ratios
of any metal.
- Which basically
means it's light enough
to get up into space
and strong enough
to make it all the way
back to Earth.
Oops.
- The new design
comes in four Pro finishes
and now includes
a USB-C connector
with superfast transfer speeds.
And there's
a customizable Action button
for quicker access
to your favorite feature,
from opening the camera
to activating a shortcut.
iPhone 15 Pro
gets a major performance upgrade
from the A17 Pro chip.
With a new 6-core GPU
and a faster Neural Engine,
it becomes a ridiculously
powerful mobile gaming machine,
enabling higher-quality graphics
and rich, immersive game worlds
never seen before
on a smartphone.
[SNARLING]
- Whoa, these graphics
bring out every beautiful,
disgusting detail.
[ROARS]
- It's truly horrifying.
- It's a new chapter
in performance for iPhone
and a new era of mobile gaming
for the world.
For photography,
the new Pro camera system
pushes the limits
of what you can capture
with a smartphone.
It's like having
seven pro lenses at the ready,
ranging from 13-millimeter focal
length on the Ultra Wide camera
to 120-millimeter
on the new 5x Telephoto camera
on iPhone 15 Pro Max.
- Tell her to take four steps
to the left, please.
- The Pro Max gets iPhone's
longest optical zoom ever,